[Highly Customized] Jumpjet Tilts While Moving (#1521)
Phobos-developers/Phobos: docs/New-or-Enhanced-Logics.md

Convert.ComputerToHuman =   ; TechnoType
```

### Jumpjet Tilts While Moving

> - Now you can make jumpjet tilts forward when moving forward and tilts sideward when turning by set `JumpjetTilt` to true. Default to `[AudioVisual]->JumpjetTiltWhenMoving`.
> 
> In `rulesmd.ini`:
> ```ini
> [AudioVisual]
> JumpjetTiltWhenMoving=false   ; boolean
> 
> [SOMEUNIT]                    ; UnitType, with Locomotor=Jumpjet
> JumpjetTilt=                  ; boolean
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
- Now you can make jumpjets tilt forward when moving forward and sideways when turning by setting `JumpjetTilt` to true.

In `rulesmd.ini`:
```ini
[AudioVisual]
JumpjetTiltWhenMoving=false   ; boolean

[SOMEUNIT]                    ; UnitType, with Locomotor=Jumpjet
JumpjetTilt=                  ; boolean, defaults to [AudioVisual]->JumpjetTiltWhenMoving
```
````
